Mention support for Kotlin (#2858)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-primer/java.mdx

</Note>

> The Sentry Java SDK can be used with Kotlin, Scala and other JVM languages. Code examples are mostly in both Java and Kotlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Java SDK can be used with Kotlin, Scala, and other JVM languages. Code examples are typically provided in both Java and Kotlin.
```
